Update to make the app registration more obvious (#13718)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_configuration/archives.md

Set up the [Azure integration][1] within the subscription that holds your new storage account, if you haven't already. This involves [creating an app registration that Datadog can use][2] to integrate with.

> **NOTE:** Archiving logs to Azure Blob Storage still requires an App Registration. See instructions [here][3] and set the "site" on the right-hand side of the page to "US." App Registration(s) created for archiving purposes only need the "Storage Blob Data Contributor" role. Note that if your storage bucket is in a subscription being monitored via a Datadog Resource, you will see a warning about the App Registration being redundant. You can ignore this warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Archiving logs to Azure Blob Storage requires an App Registration. See instructions [on the Azure integration page][3], and set the "site" on the right-hand side of the documentation page to "US." App Registration(s) created for archiving purposes only need the "Storage Blob Data Contributor" role. If your storage bucket is in a subscription being monitored through a Datadog Resource, a warning is displayed about the App Registration being redundant. You can ignore this warning.
```
